---
layout: default
title: 2023-11-02 TOC Meeting Record
parent: 2023
grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
---
![Antitrust Policy Notice](../images/antitrust-policy-notice.png "Antitrust Policy Notice")
![All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community](../images/all-are-welcome.png "All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community")

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://toc.hyperledger.org/governing-documents/code-of-conduct.html)

# Announcements
* The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=39618905) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DR/2023).
* Thursday, November 16, join Hyperledger, Accenture & R3 for the workshop: Atomic Cross-Ledger Transactions Between Hyperledger Besu and Corda Ledgers Using Hyperledger Cacti v2. [For details and to register click here](https://zoom.us/meeting/register/tJUuce6tpzsqEt2DvUErQ0LnW1qsC0PCT9Dz#/registration) 


# Quarterly reports
* [2023 Q4 Hyperledger Sawtooth](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/177)
* Please review any [outstanding quarterly reports](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3Aquarterly-report+user-review-requested%3A%40me).

# Upcoming reports
* 2023 Q4 Hyperledger AnonCreds (due November 9, 2023)
* 2023 Q4 Hyperledger Aries (due November 9, 2023)
* 2023 Q4 Hyperledger Indy (due November 9, 2023)
* 2023 Q4 Hyperledger Iroha (due November 9, 2023)
* [2023 TOC Project Update Calendar](../../project-reports/2023/2023-updates.md)

# Discussion
* Actionable items for the TOC from the San Francisco Member Summit
* [Best Practices for Automated Pipelines Task Force](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/issues/44)

# Recordings
* Links to be added upon completion of call

# Upcoming TOC meetings
* [Please check the calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/toc/calendar)
* Next week's task force discussion: [Security Artifact Signing](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/issues/49)

# Attended by
* [ ] Arnaud J Le Hors
* [ ] Arun S M
* [ ] Bobbi Muscara
* [ ] David Enyeart
* [ ] Jim Zhang
* [ ] Marcus Brandenburger
* [ ] Peter Somogyvari
* [ ] Ramakrishna V
* [ ] Stephen Curran
* [ ] Timo Glastra
* [ ] Tracy Kuhrt
