---
layout: default
title: 2023-09-28 TOC Meeting Record
parent: 2023
grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
---
![Antitrust Policy Notice](../images/antitrust-policy-notice.png "Antitrust Policy Notice")
![All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community](../images/all-are-welcome.png "All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community")

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://toc.hyperledger.org/governing-documents/code-of-conduct.html)

# Announcements
* The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=39618905) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DR/2023).
* The How to Create a Currency Management Application & Deploy it on a Hyperledger Fabric Network Workshop is scheduled for October 12, 2023. [Registration](https://zoom.us/meeting/register/tJAucu6tpjstGdWBjYkepXixkFEBP4637-sk#/registration)

# Quarterly reports
* [2023 Q3 Hyperledger FireFly](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/163)
* [2023 Q3 Hyperledger Besu](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/169)
* Please review any [outstanding quarterly reports](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3Aquarterly-report+user-review-requested%3A%40me).

# Past Due Reports
* 2023 Q3 Hyperledger Caliper (**Due September 21, 2023**)

# Upcoming reports
* 2023 Q4 Hyperledger Cacti (Due October 12, 2023)
* 2023 Q4 Hyperledger Fabric (Due October 12, 2023)
* [2023 TOC Project Update Calendar](../../project-reports/2023/2023-updates.md)

# Discussion
* [Security Policy and Template](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/167)
* [Best Practices for Automated Pipelines](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/issues/44)

# Recordings
* Links to be added upon completion of call

# Upcoming TOC meetings
* [Please check the calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/toc/calendar)
* Next meeting task force discussion: [Security Artifact Signing](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/issues/49)

# Attended by
* [ ] Arnaud J Le Hors
* [ ] Arun S M
* [ ] Bobbi Muscara
* [ ] David Enyeart
* [ ] Jim Zhang
* [ ] Marcus Brandenburger
* [ ] Peter Somogyvari
* [ ] Ramakrishna V
* [ ] Stephen Curran
* [ ] Timo Glastra
* [ ] Tracy Kuhrt