---
layout: default
title: 2023-06-15 TOC Meeting Record
parent: 2023
grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
---
![Antitrust Policy Notice](../images/antitrust-policy-notice.png "Antitrust Policy Notice")
![All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community](../images/all-are-welcome.png "All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community")

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://toc.hyperledger.org/governing-documents/code-of-conduct.html)

# Announcements
* The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=39618905) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DR/2023).
* Updates have been made to [Why Contributing To The Hyperledger Community Will Help Meet Your Goals](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/147Bu9DhpiywvpEtuSh7Cblzt6aS2M_bK_yGyODAi_Y0/edit#slide=id.g34ddab491c_0_16). Please review the changes.

# Quarterly reports
* [2023 Q2 Hyperledger Firefly](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/126)
* [2023 Q2 Hyperledger Sawtooth](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/128) (**due 27 Apr 2023**)
* Please review any [outstanding quarterly reports](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3Aquarterly-report+user-review-requested%3A%40me).

# Past due reports
* 2023 Q2 Hyperledger Cello (**due 01 June 2023**)
    * [Reminder sent to Cello maintainers via Discord](https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/941475454378991646/1115377168923512902) on June 5, 2023

# Upcoming reports
* 2023 Q2 Hyperledger Besu (due 22 June 2023)
* 2023 Q2 Hyperledger Caliper (due 22 June 2023)
* [2023 TOC Project Update Calendar](../../project-reports/2023/2023-updates.md)

# Discussion
* [Project Annual Review Policy](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/123)
* [Encourage Projects to Set Annual Goals](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/125)
* [Task Force: Badging/Lifecycle](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/issues/50)

# Recordings
* [https://youtu.be/nPjrD5xqsqk](https://youtu.be/nPjrD5xqsqk)

# Upcoming TOC meetings
[Please check the calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/toc/calendar)

# Attended by
* [x] Arnaud J Le Hors
* [x] Arun S M
* [x] Bobbi Muscara
* [x] David Enyeart
* [x] Jim Zhang
* [x] Marcus Brandenburger
* [x] Peter Somogyvari
* [x] Ramakrishna V
* [x] Stephen Curran
* [ ] ~~Timo Glastra~~
* [x] Tracy Kuhrt
