---
layout: default
title: 2023-02-23 TOC Meeting Record
parent: 2023
grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
---
![Antitrust Policy Notice](../images/antitrust-policy-notice.png "Antitrust Policy Notice")
![All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community](../images/all-are-welcome.png "All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community")

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://toc.hyperledger.org/governing-documents/code-of-conduct.html)

# Announcements
* The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=39618905) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DR/2023)
* The [Hyperledger Mentorship program](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/INTERN/Hyperledger+Mentorship+Program) for 2023 has started. Call for community members to [submit mentorship project proposals](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/INTERN/Mentorship+Projects) by March 15th.
* [Project updates governance PR merged](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/71) - See [Governing Documents/Project Updates](https://toc.hyperledger.org/governing-documents/project-updates.html)

# Quarterly reports
* 2022 Q4 Hyperledger Ursa (due 01 Dec 2022)
* [2023 Q1 Hyperledger Bevel](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/72)
* Please review any [outstanding quarterly reports](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3Aquarterly-report+user-review-requested%3A%40me).

# Upcoming reports
* 2023 Q1 Hyperledger Grid (due 23 Feb 2023)
* 2023 Q1 Hyperledger Transact (due 23 Feb 2023)
* 2023 Q1 Hyperledger Solang (due 23 Feb 2023)
* 2023 Q1 Hyperledger Cello (due 02 Mar 2023)
* [2023 TOC Project Update Calendar](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/TSC/2023+TOC+Project+Update+Calendar)

# Discussion
* Task force discussion - [Project Best Practices](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/issues/45)
  * [Initial Brainstorm](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/TF/Project+Best+Practices+task+force)

# Recordings
* [https://youtu.be/ZCf0Qfd2cZo](https://youtu.be/ZCf0Qfd2cZo)

# Attended by
* [x] Arnaud J Le Hors
* [ ] ~~Arun S M~~
* [x] Bobbi Muscara
* [x] David Enyeart
* [ ] ~~Jim Zhang~~
* [ ] ~~Marcus Brandenburger~~
* [x] Peter Somogyvari
* [x] Ramakrishna V
* [x] Stephen CurranÂ 
* [x] Timo Glastra
* [x] Tracy Kuhrt
