---
layout: default
title: 2023-04-06 TOC Meeting Record
parent: 2023
grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
---
![Antitrust Policy Notice](../images/antitrust-policy-notice.png "Antitrust Policy Notice")
![All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community](../images/all-are-welcome.png "All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community")

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://toc.hyperledger.org/governing-documents/code-of-conduct.html)

# Announcements
* The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=39618905) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DR/2023)

# Quarterly reports
* [2023 Q1 Hyperledger Caliper](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/85)
* [2023 Q1 Hyperledger Besu](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/88)
* Please review any [outstanding quarterly reports](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3Aquarterly-report+user-review-requested%3A%40me).

# Past due reports
* 2023 Q1 Hyperledger Transact (**due 23 Feb 2023**)
    * [Reminder to maintainers sent March 2](https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/941414458922790982/1080893688441491536)
    * [Ongoing discussion with maintainers](https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/941414458922790982/1081247988275486752)
    * [Waiting on list of maintainers from Shawn](https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/941414458922790982/1083097678461800580) to determine if they want to move project to Dormant
    * Peter volunteered to open [issue](https://github.com/hyperledger/transact/issues/375) and [pull request](https://github.com/hyperledger/transact/pull/376) stating that the work is being moved to libsawtooth

* 2023 Q1 Hyperledger Ursa (**due 16 Mar 2023**)
    * [Reminder to maintainers sent March 20](https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/941474924516737126/1087428893255942174)
    * [Reminder to maintainers sent March 30](https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/941474924516737126/1091000974136578068)

# Upcoming reports
* 2023 Q2 Hyperledger Cacti (due 13 Apr 2023)
* 2023 Q2 Hyperledger Fabric (due 13 Apr 2023)
* [2023 TOC Project Update Calendar](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/TSC/2023+TOC+Project+Update+Calendar)

# Discussion
* GitHub Actions update
* Task force discussion - [Security Vulnerability Disclosure](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/issues/48)

# Recordings
* [2023 04 06 TOC meeting](https://youtu.be/i3qrIno95zU)

# Attended by
* [X] Arnaud J Le Hors
* [X] Arun S M
* [X] Bobbi Muscara
* [X] David Enyeart
* [X] Jim Zhang
* [X] Marcus Brandenburger
* [X] Peter Somogyvari
* [X] Ramakrishna V
* [X] Stephen Curran
* [ ] ~~Timo Glastra~~
* [X] Tracy Kuhrt
