---
layout: default
title: 2023-05-18 TOC Meeting Record
parent: 2023
grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
---

![Antitrust Policy Notice](../images/antitrust-policy-notice.png "Antitrust Policy Notice")
![All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community](../images/all-are-welcome.png "All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community")

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://toc.hyperledger.org/governing-documents/code-of-conduct.html)

# Announcements
* The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=39618905) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DR/2023)
* Reminder - Please review the following PRs:
    * [GitHub Contribution Guide](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/112)
    * [Project Best Practices Guidelines](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/111)
    * [2023 Q2 Hyperledger Iroha](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/108)

# Quarterly reports
* Please review any [outstanding quarterly reports](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3Aquarterly-report+user-review-requested%3A%40me).

# Past due reports
* 2023 Q2 Hyperledger Sawtooth (**due 27 Apr 2023**)
    * [Reminder to maintainers sent May 2](https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/941417089779007488/1102952066231586836)
    * Sawtooth contributors had a meeting on 26th April, a day before the due date for the quarterly report. The team is experimenting new ways of working to increase the contributor base.
    * James Barry will be submitting the Q2 2023 report.
    * James has put up a [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EvbqBNg9bsRnSHpDRIosKbERtWiTkKhllaFLW0xDQ4w/edit?usp=sharing) for internal project team's review before sending it over to the TOC.
    * [Reminder sent to the Sawtooth contributors on May 11](https://discord.com/channels/905194001349627914/941417089779007488/1106221749646925886)

# Upcoming reports
* 2023 Q2 Hyperledger Bevel (due 18 May 2023)
* [2023 TOC Project Update Calendar](../../project-reports/2023/2023-updates.md)

# Discussion
* [Request from Governing Board to implement review process for evaluating correct project status](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18F8f5_xKREohoqFbeA-0KLaaUeGSLqHGLwbXn9UciA0/edit)
* [GitHub Issue Reminder](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/106)
* Task force discussion: [Security Vulnerability Disclosure](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/issues/48)

# Recordings
* [https://youtu.be/dOiXzyCU3hE](https://youtu.be/dOiXzyCU3hE)

# Attended by
* [x] Arnaud J Le Hors
* [x] Arun S M
* [x] Bobbi Muscara
* [x] David Enyeart
* [x] Jim Zhang
* [ ] ~~Marcus Brandenburger~~
* [ ] ~~Peter Somogyvari~~
* [x] Ramakrishna V
* [x] Stephen Curran
* [x] Timo Glastra
* [x] Tracy Kuhrt
