---
layout: default
title: 2023-07-13 TOC Meeting Record
parent: 2023
grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
---
![Antitrust Policy Notice](../images/antitrust-policy-notice.png "Antitrust Policy Notice")
![All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community](../images/all-are-welcome.png "All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community")

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://toc.hyperledger.org/governing-documents/code-of-conduct.html)

# Announcements
* The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=39618905) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DR/2023).

# Quarterly reports
* [2023 Q2 Hyperledger Cello](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/129) - outstanding comments requiring re-review
* [2023 Q2 Hyperledger Caliper](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/131) - outstanding comments and not enough reviews
* [2023 Q2 Hyperledger Sawtooth](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/128) - waiting on Sawtooth maintainers to answer questions
* [2023 Q2 Hyperledger Besu](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/133)
* Please review any [outstanding quarterly reports](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3Aquarterly-report+user-review-requested%3A%40me).

# Past due reports
* None

# Upcoming reports
* 2023 Q3 Hyperledger Fabric (due 13 July 2023)
* 2023 Q3 Hyperledger Cacti (due 13 July 2023)
* 2023 Q3 Hyperledger Sawtooth (due 27 July 2023)
* [2023 TOC Project Update Calendar](../../project-reports/2023/2023-updates.md)

# Discussion
* [Project Annual Review Policy](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/123) - Let's vote on this
    * Changes made:
        * Changed the report to replace the Q1 quarterly report
        * Added a secondary TOC member to review and corroborate the findings of the TOC lead reviewer
* [Encourage Projects to Set Annual Goals](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pull/125) - Let's vote on this
* Security Vulnerability Disclosure Task Force discussion
    * [Security Policy Vulnerability Disclosure Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ne2RISsvRpOzy4buL1WTvs3Wm1_Scc6_82hKHx60Chk/edit)

# Recordings
* Links to be added upon completion of call

# Upcoming TOC meetings
* [Please check the calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/toc/calendar)
* Next week task force discussion: automated pipeline best practices

# Attended by
* [ ] Arnaud J Le Hors
* [ ] Arun S M
* [ ] Bobbi Muscara
* [ ] ~~David Enyeart~~
* [ ] Jim Zhang
* [ ] Marcus Brandenburger
* [ ] Peter Somogyvari
* [ ] Ramakrishna V
* [ ] Stephen Curran
* [ ] Timo Glastra
* [ ] Tracy Kuhrt
