---
layout: default
title: 2024-04-18 TOC Meeting Record
parent: 2024
grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
nav_exclude: true
---

![Antitrust Policy Notice](../images/antitrust-policy-notice.png "Antitrust Policy Notice")
![All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community](../images/all-are-welcome.png "All are Welcome in the Hyperledger Community")

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://toc.hyperledger.org/governing-documents/code-of-conduct.html)

# Announcements
* The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=39618905) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DR/2024)
* The Hyperledger Foundation will host the workshop, Zero Knowledge Proofs and ZK Programming in Blockchain Application Development on Wednesday, April 24th at 8amPT / 11am ET / 4pm GMT.  To register: [https://zoom.us/meeting/register/tJYkfuyhpjsqGd1FCs-ZeFzD90EyqFy18IMt](https://zoom.us/meeting/register/tJYkfuyhpjsqGd1FCs-ZeFzD90EyqFy18IMt) Details: [Zero Knowledge Proofs and ZK Programming in Blockchain Application Development](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=120521152).

# Quarterly reports
* None received

# Past due reports
* 2024 Q2 Hyperledger Cacti (Due April 11, 2024)
* 2024 Q2 Hyperledger Fabric (Due April 11, 2024)

# Upcoming reports
* [2024 TOC Project Update Calendar](../../project-reports/2024/2024-updates.md)

# Discussion
* [Review open PRs](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/pulls)
* Task Forces
    * [Existing list](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Atask-force-proposal)
    * What do we want to keep?
    * What new task forces are we interested in?
    * Who will drive the task force?

# Recordings
* [Recordings are available on your Open Profile page](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings) under Past Meetings

# Upcoming TOC meetings
[Please check the calendar](https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/toc/calendar)

# Attended by

* [ ] Marcus Brandenburger
* [ ] ~~Stephen Curran~~
* [ ] David Enyeart
* [ ] Tracy Kuhrt
* [ ] Yacov Manevich
* [ ] ~~Matt Nelson~~
* [ ] Venkatraman Ramakrishna
* [ ] Arun S M
* [ ] Peter Somogyvari
* [ ] Conor Svensson
* [ ] Jim Zhang
