---
layout: default
parent: Meeting Minutes
grand_parent: Hyperledger TOC
nav_exclude: true
---
<mark>_Copy this template to the subdirectory for the current year and name the file `YYYY-MM-DD-TOC-meeting-record.md` (e.g., `2023-02-02-TOC-meeting-record.md`). Update the information above to change the `parent` to `YYYY` (e.g., 2023), the `grand_parent` to `Meeting Minutes`, and remove the `nav_exclude` line. Text between `<mark></mark>` are instructions. Please remove when section has been completed._
</mark>

Hyperledger is committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. For more information please visit our Code of Conduct: [Hyperledger Code of Conduct](https://toc.hyperledger.org/governing-documents/code-of-conduct.html)

# Announcements
* The [Hyperledger /dev/weekly developer newsletter](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=39618905) goes out each Friday to hundreds of Hyperledger developers. It is a collaborative effort. If you have a project release, pull request, community event, and/or relevant article you would like highlighted next week, please [leave a comment for consideration on the upcoming newsletter wiki page](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/DR/2021)
* <mark>_Put any announcements. Upcoming events, for example_
</mark>

# Quarterly reports
* <mark>_List the quarterly reports that have been received._
</mark>
* Please review any [outstanding quarterly reports](https://github.com/hyperledger/toc/labels/quarterly-report).

# Upcoming reports
<mark>_List the upcoming reports, including delayed reports with the original required date. for instance: https://lists.hyperledger.org/g/toc/message/1966_
</mark>
* [2023 TOC Project Update Calendar](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/TSC/2023+TOC+Project+Update+Calendar)

# Presentation
<mark>_If there are any presentations from a WG, SIG, or project._
</mark>

# Decision
<mark>_If there are any items up for vote (this is not meant to be exclusive but meant to highlight items that are expected to be voted on)_</mark>

# Discussion
<mark>_Items for discussion, including items left over from the previous meetings, as well as items that have been added_
</mark>

# Project Proposals (from hyperledger/hyperledger-hips)
<mark>_include any project proposals that have been submitted and need discussion or decision. See https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger-hip/pull_
</mark>

# Recordings

# Attended by:
* [ ] Arnaud J Le Hors
* [ ] Arun S M
* [ ] Bobbi Muscara
* [ ] David Enyeart
* [ ] Jim Zhang
* [ ] Marcus Brandenburger 
* [ ] Peter Somogyvari
* [ ] Ramakrishna V 
* [ ] Stephen Curran 
* [ ] Timo Glastra
* [ ] Tracy Kuhrt
