---
layout: default
title: 2016 03 31 TSC Minutes
parent: 2016
grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
---
# 2016 03 31 TSC Minutes

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

March 31, 2016 (7:00am -8:30am PT)

F2F at Linux Foundation Collaboration Summit & via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

<div class="table-wrap">

<table class="wrapped confluenceTable">
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Emmanuel Viale</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Accenture</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><br />
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Stan Liberman</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>CME Group</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Tamas Blummer</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>DAH</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Stefan Teis</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Deutsche Boerse Group</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Pardha Vishnumolakala</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>DTCC</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Hart Montgomery</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Fujitsu</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Satoshi Oshima</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Hitachi</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><br />
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Chris Ferris</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>IBM</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Mic Bowman</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Intel</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>David Voell</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>J.P. Morgan</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Richard G. Brown</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>R3</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

</div>

  

**Resources:**

- Github: 
  <a href="http://www.github.com/hyperledger" class="external-link"
  rel="nofollow"><span>www.github.com/hyperledger</span></a>
- Wiki:  <a href="https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki"
  class="external-link"
  rel="nofollow">https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki</a>
- IRC:  \#hyperledger on
  <a href="http://freenode.net" class="external-link"
  rel="nofollow">freenode.net</a> (has Meetbot)
- Public lists: 
  <a href="http://lists.hyperledger.org" class="external-link"
  rel="nofollow">lists.hyperledger.org</a>
- Slack:  <a href="http://hyperledgerproject.slack.com/signup"
  class="external-link"
  rel="nofollow">hyperledgerproject.slack.com/signup</a> (email
  <a href="mailto:tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org" class="external-link"
  rel="nofollow"><span>tbenzies@linuxfoundation.org</span></a> for
  access)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at
  <a href="https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc" class="external-link"
  rel="nofollow"><span>https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc</span></a>

  

**Agenda**

- Proposal for merged codebase
- Linux Foundation IT/Tools Discussion

  

**Proposal for merged codebase**

- Chris Ferris:  After close of last week’s Technical F2F, we agreed to
  bring forward proposal to the TSC this week

- - <a
    href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XECRVN9hXGrjAjysrnuNSdggzAKYm6XESR6KmABwhkE/edit"
    class="external-link"
    rel="nofollow"><span>https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XECRVN9hXGrjAjysrnuNSdggzAKYm6XESR6KmABwhkE/edit</span></a>
  - Proposing to formally incubate the merged codebase that emerged from
    last week’s F2F and formally evaluate through the incubation process
    where it builds and we can have a release.
  - Project sponsored by Chris Ferris (IBM) and Tamas (DAH)
  - PoC resulted from Hackathon
  - Team proposed set of high level next steps articulated in proposal
    along with another set of tasks to get to point of mature
    implementation
  - This was proposed as a incubation project
  - A question had come up if other projects could come forward with
    proposals -- answer is yes.  If others have proposals, bring them to
    the TSC.
  - Resources -- IBM and DAH are both committing FTEs to this.  Binh,
    Tamas, Robert, Sheehan would be initial maintainers.

- Questions / Comments

- - Q:  Is this effort of only IBM/DAH, or community?

  - - Not just IBM/DAH… it is the Hyperledger Community.

  - Q:  Can you establish a set of guidelines or documentation to help
    people that are new and want to get up to speed to help?

  - - Yes, this can be part of initial work.  Will add initial next
      steps to create this.

  - Q:  Number of stages?  i.e. incubation and then?

  - - Previously discussed a project lifecycle proposal (not yet
      finalized).
    - <a
      href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1asqGu-6xlldY4uwmnkgJs3uhqUDa_wCdv9-cGUEEIOY/edit"
      class="external-link"
      rel="nofollow"><span>https://docs.google.com/document/d/1asqGu-6xlldY4uwmnkgJs3uhqUDa_wCdv9-cGUEEIOY/edit</span></a>\#

  - Q:  Hackathon was great -- but, concern with word “incubation”... it
    feels premature to start down this path.  Proposals need to be
    vendor neutral. This was a hackathon… let’s continue to experiment
    and turn into a proposal before it can be incubation.

  - - CF:  Incubation is the first step.

    - ST:  There was a proposal… we worked on this during hackathon.  At
      this point, we move to incubation.

    - MD:  We shouldn’t be gateing and creating barriers for getting
      incubation and ideas to start.  This is different than a standards
      effort. Others are free to bring proposals as well. This method is
      similar to every major open source project.

    - HM:  May be a matter of semantics.  Need to make code easier to
      use.  Shouldn’t be wedded to a single architecture.  People seem
      to agree on what we need to do, but maybe arguing about
      terminology.

    - MB:  This is not \_the\_ codebase.  This is \_a\_ codebase that
      will be evaluated at a future point.  Want to understand what this
      evaluation will entail and what efforts are setting this
      criteria?  Lastly, feels like proposal is code without an
      understanding exactly what it is being proposed. Architecture is
      extremely high level… want to understand how these components will
      be deployed, made available, etc.  What is being proposed
      architecturally? That said, in favor of making code work, in
      parallel.

    - CF:  We need to aggressively work on evaluation criteria.  We can
      make that part of the proposal. That said, we need to get code
      into the HLP project that everyone can start collaborating on.  If
      someone else wants to do a proposal that we incubate side-by-side,
      it is welcomed!

    - SL:  What are we accepting?  Maybe we accept parts of architecture
      and break into separate projects?  Right now it seems we are
      accepting entire OBC architecture as a proposal

    - CF:  This is a place to start from, not an end result.

    - RGB:  Struggling to understand how to contribute to process.  It
      is becoming clear that he needs to understand what we think an end
      state could be.  I disagree that there will ever be one correct
      codebase… different architectures for different requirements.  If
      the intention is that we get to one codebase, then we need to
      agree on the problem we are trying to solve. Or, if the vision is
      that there are several sister projects addressing needs, that is
      possible too.  When we talk about eval process, need to address
      this.

    - CF:  May be a problem of semantics.  We are not selecting a code
      base.  Requirements, use cases, etc. will all shape what we
      build.  This is like starting with a lump of clay. Just want to
      start a process of getting people to collaborate and working
      together.

    - Murali:  In favor of merging code bases.  Maybe we come up with a
      target architecture and identify different components and note
      which components come from which proposals.

    - CF:  Yes. Other people may come forward with ideas of better
      member services (for example)... this is exactly what we want to
      do.  This is just a lump of clay to evolve.

    - PD:  If you have another idea, put a proposal forward.  Competing
      ideas lead to innovation.

    - CF:  OpenStack, for example.  Someone may want to refactor a
      component.  Get others to collaborate with them.

    - EM:  Maybe noting that this is one project being moved into
      incubation, but it is not intended as the \_only\_ foundation.

    - CF:  Correct.  But, people need to bring proposals.

    - ST:  Help us and others understand the initial proposed code… need
      a 101 description which would help everyone put it on a broader
      development base.

    - DV:  Sounds like a lot of violent agreement.  A lot is semantics.
      Doesn’t see how moving this to incubation conflicts with any
      points above or what happens next or someone makes a different
      suggestion.

    - TB:  There are advantages to this merge.  DAH comes from bitcoin
      angle, IBM comes from more general angle.  This is pragmatic
      merge.

    - MB:  What does accepting proposal mean?  1) we give it a label
      that it is incubation status.  2) give it a spot on the
      hyperledger github. What else? What changes?

    - CF:  Bring under HLP umbrella and it goes under the governance of
      the project.  It would be moved from the independent repository.
      This would put it under governance to engage and accept work from
      others.

    - MB:  In terms of process, it sounds like the real difference under
      HLP label, set of guidelines for code review, commitment,
      licensing, community, contributions, etc.

    - CF:  Successful at hackathon with getting different companies to
      collaborate.  There can be other proposals. But, important that we
      start engaging and collaborating as community.

    - CA:  How about we accept the proposal into incubation, but make
      sure there, in this repo, there is further clarity that a) we are
      hoping for further proposals and incubation projects, that b) this
      isn't not a base at this time, and c) that as the first in there
      are incomplete understanding of goal end state and are waiving
      requirements of the proposal process of having a well defined
      scope as we don't know scope yet.

    - ALH:  Suffering by lack of common understanding of what it means
      to be in incubation.  Project Lifecycle doc could have solved
      this. This document needs more work. Need to finalize work of
      lifecycle doc and publish on web.

    - ACTION:  Christopher Allen and Mic Bowman suggest verbiage for
      readme for how we characterize this

    - MD:  Need to think in long term.  Putting up gates in front end
      for proposals may create challenges.  Focus more on getting out of
      incubation, as opposed to getting into incubation.

    - RGB:  Good point.  This makes the readme clarification important.

    - Primrose:  There are multiple proposals.  Why are just IBM, DAH,
      Blockstream as an incubator?  How does Ripple or others become
      incubating?

    - MD:  Those were statements of proposed contribution.  Please put
      forward a proposal for incubation.

    - CF:  It sounds like people are ok, but stuck on semantics.

    - RJ:  Would be good to have an Architecture WG

    - - Ram will lead the WG, Hart will help.
      - Ram to circulate note on mailing list with more details and call
        for volunteers

- **VOTE** -- <a
  href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XECRVN9hXGrjAjysrnuNSdggzAKYm6XESR6KmABwhkE/edit"
  class="external-link" rel="nofollow"><span>Proposal</span></a> with
  modifications from Stefan (accessible for new people), also added from
  Mic (TSC will work in parallel on incubation, graduation, etc.
  criteria)... Mic/Chris A. to collaborate on clear section in readme
  that describes exactly what this is).

- - Vote passes unanimously with the 9 TSC members present.

  

<div class="table-wrap">

|                       |                       |     |
|-----------------------|-----------------------|-----|
| Emmanuel Viale        | Accenture             | -   |
| Stan Liberman         | CME Group             | Yes |
| Tamas Blummer         | DAH                   | Yes |
| Stefan Teis           | Deutsche Boerse Group | Yes |
| Pardha Vishnumolakala | DTCC                  | Yes |
| Hart Montgomery       | Fujitsu               | Yes |
| Satoshi Oshima        | Hitachi               | -   |
| Chris Ferris          | IBM                   | Yes |
| Mic Bowman            | Intel                 | Yes |
| David Voell           | J.P. Morgan           | Yes |
| Richard G. Brown      | R3                    | Yes |

</div>

  

**Linux Foundation IT/Tools Discussion**

- Steve Westmoreland, Linux Foundation CIO

- Gerrit is helpful in controlling to make sure there is a review
  process and any comments/questions can go back to the contributor, if
  necessary.  Code management and review.

- Would also like to have a working session on infrastructure.

- Linux Foundation will assign a release engineer.  Also, anyone that
  wants to work on CI, please let us know.

- - ACTION:  Chris Ferris to send a request to the list.

  

**Evaluation Criteria for Incubation to Mature**

- MB:  Expect to come out of the requirements workgroup.  Will talk to
  Patrick Holmes on this.

- CA:  Had put out a call for an Identity Subgroup.

- - ACTION:  LF to add an Identity mailing lists.

- MD:  Note that LF IT team is working on slack/mailing list integration

## Recording

* [https://youtu.be/ObYzt8vaSPM](https://youtu.be/ObYzt8vaSPM)
