---
layout: default
title: 2016 08 18 TSC Minutes
parent: 2016
grand_parent: Meeting Minutes
---
# 2016 08 18 TSC Minutes

**Hyperledger Project**

Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

August 18, 2016 (7:00am - 8:30am PT) via GoToMeeting

**TSC Members**

<div class="table-wrap">

<table class="confluenceTable">
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Emmanuel Viale</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Accenture</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><br />
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Ajit Krishnamohan</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Airbus</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Stan Liberman</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>CME Group</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Tamas Blummer</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Digital Asset</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><br />
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Andreas Fletcher
(proxy)</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Deutsche Boerse Group</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Pardha Vishnumolakala</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>DTCC</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Hart Montgomery</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Fujitsu</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Satoshi Oshima</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Hitachi</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Chris Ferris</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>IBM</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Mic Bowman</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Intel</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>David Voell</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>J.P. Morgan</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Richard G. Brown</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>R3</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Yes</span></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Charles Cai</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>Wanda</span></p></td>
<td class="confluenceTd"><br />
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

</div>

  

**Resources:**

- Github: 
  <a href="http://www.github.com/hyperledger" class="external-link"
  rel="nofollow"><span>www.github.com/hyperledger</span></a>
- Wiki:  <a href="https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki"
  class="external-link"
  rel="nofollow">https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki</a>
- IRC:  \#hyperledger on
  <a href="http://freenode.net" class="external-link"
  rel="nofollow">freenode.net</a> (has Meetbot)
- Public lists: 
  <a href="http://lists.hyperledger.org" class="external-link"
  rel="nofollow">lists.hyperledger.org</a>
- Slack:  <a href="https://slack.hyperledger.org/" class="external-link"
  rel="nofollow"><span>https://slack.hyperledger.org/</span></a>
  (self-generated invites)
- Information on the TSC Members can be found at
  <a href="https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc" class="external-link"
  rel="nofollow"><span>https://www.hyperledger.org/about/tsc</span></a>
- Meetings:  <a
  href="https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar"
  class="external-link"
  rel="nofollow">https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar</a>

  

**Agenda**

- Action Item Review
- WG Updates

  

**Action Item Review**

- Hackfest preparation and updates (Todd)

- - August 24-25, virtual (confirmed)

  - - <a
      href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-YQzap_OvH98_QVoKcfyQ2QlnYT6iAfL7cw_o-xw9FQ/edit"
      class="external-link" rel="nofollow"><span>Agenda</span></a>
      planning

  - October 3-4, Amsterdam (confirmed - details coming soon)

- Review Hyperledger Release Taxonomy <a
  href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u9pt-bXeOXefYBB1uYE6M-D6CtmkC1lGCjmicSlZgVA/edit"
  class="external-link" rel="nofollow"><span>v0.2</span></a> and add
  semver versioning numbers (Brian)

- - Chris and Brian to work on this for next week.

  

**TSC Steady State Election**

- Election <a
  href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/16z3lcdLjYwRkSrcq0hlXc62zi-QPAdPjvfvIy-b48jA/edit"
  class="external-link" rel="nofollow"><span>timeline</span></a>
- We received 24 nominations for the TSC election.
- There were no objections to begin the voting process, per the
  timeline.

  

**Hyperledger-py** <a
href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N-KbwlFb7Oo_pTG2NjjLTqwlhqp_kjyv5fco7VH8WrE/edit"
class="external-link" rel="nofollow"><strong>proposal</strong></a>
**(Baohua Yang)**

- Discussion

- - Brian B:  Does this have an independent release, or is this a shim
    to Fabric?
  - CF:  Baohua developed this independent from the Fabric team, but no
    reason it needs to be independent, so we just need to see what
    happens in incubation.  Want to make sure that when we do a release
    of Python SDK that it matches one of the Hyperledger releases.
  - Pardha:  Since REST API is being deprecated, did this get updated?
  - Baohua:  Yes, added gRPC
  - Kelly Olson:  Consider naming it Fabric-py.
  - Brian B:  Would like to see another sponsor name on this proposal.
  - Mic:  Is this Python application one that would share a common
    interface?
  - CF:  If we had an SDK that could span multiple back-ends, that would
    be great -- but, i don’t think we are there.
  - Pardha:  In Explorer we were leaning towards Node.js SDK.
  - Greg Haskins:  Welcome the diversity in language options.
  - Brian B:  Let’s give this one more week.
  - ACTION:  Baohua to bring this to the Community to try to bring a few
    more Project sponsors to this.  Also, work on naming discussion of
    actual project.
  - Greg Haskins:  For Hyperledger, consider officially supporting
    several SDKs… and then have a broader set that is just community
    support.
  - CF:  Great idea.  CFF and OpenStack are like this.
  - Brian B:  May still be too young of a project.  It seems there would
    be enough interest in a Python SDK.  Would rather pursue this as a
    standard project. This proposal deserves its own repo and
    community.  Let’s look next week after Baohua has time to connect
    with the Community.

  
  

**WG Updates**

- <a
  href="https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Requirements-WG"
  class="external-link" rel="nofollow"><span>Requirements WG</span></a>
  (Oleg Abdrashitov)

- - Switched to mailing list and bi-weekly calls.
  - Discussed requirements beyond Fabric.
  - Switching focus to the main requirements document.
  - Oleg working on Collateral Debt Swaps Use Case.
  - Oleg preparing a draft of of privacy requirements for the Arch WG.

- <a
  href="https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Architecture-WG"
  class="external-link" rel="nofollow"><span>Architecture WG</span></a>
  (Ram Jagadeesan)

- - Decompose different functions into layers and modules.
  - Focus more on the what, not the how.
  - Defining interfaces for each module.
  - First track was defining smart contract layer and consensus layer,
    and interface between.
  - Identifying open issues
  - Second track is identifying and looking at security and privacy
    requirements.  Most of focus on identity services and policy
    services, tie-ins back to other layers we have discussed.
  - Planning to hold 2 sessions during virtual Hackfest next week.

- <a href="https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/Whitepaper-WG"
  class="external-link" rel="nofollow"><span>Whitepaper WG</span></a>
  (Dave Voell)

- - Will hold a walkthrough during virtual Hackfest next week.
  - If people comfortable after review -- goal should be to remove
    “draft” statement and make available at booth in Sibos.

- <a
  href="https://github.com/hyperledger/hyperledger/wiki/PublicMeetingCalendar#hyperledger-identity-wg-biweekly-meeting"
  class="external-link" rel="nofollow"><span>Identity WG</span></a>
  (Christopher Allen)

- - Update coming via email

- CI WG (Chris Ferris)

- - Up and running with Gerrit, Jira, and Jenkins on Fabric
  - Need to find a home for read the docs output after a build
  - Want to set up a corner on
    <a href="http://Hyperledger.org" class="external-link"
    rel="nofollow">Hyperledger.org</a> (better than just pointing to
    Github), create a better onramp

  

**Actions**

- ACTION:  Hackfest preparation and updates (Todd)
- ACTION:  Review Hyperledger Release Taxonomy <a
  href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u9pt-bXeOXefYBB1uYE6M-D6CtmkC1lGCjmicSlZgVA/edit"
  class="external-link" rel="nofollow"><span>v0.2</span></a> and add
  semver versioning numbers (Brian and Chris)
- ACTION:  Start TSC election (Todd)
- ACTION:  Review and comment on Hyperledger-py <a
  href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N-KbwlFb7Oo_pTG2NjjLTqwlhqp_kjyv5fco7VH8WrE/edit"
  class="external-link" rel="nofollow"><span>proposal</span></a>, Baohua
  to share proposal with Community to try to bring a few more project
  sponsors to it, as well as work on naming of the project. (Baohua
  Yang)
- ACTION:  Communication tools (Brian/Tools)

## Recording
* [https://youtu.be/-aHArKhIC5s](https://youtu.be/-aHArKhIC5s)
